In order for us to get to try out a static S3 site,
I've made a simple splash page for Hamster Ball Fantasy League.
The files are already in our S3 bucket with the index.html
file and a style sheet in the static folder.
We'll configure our existing S3 bucket to serve a static website,
and that content will get served. In your code editor,
open the file configure‑S3‑website.js. The first change
is to update your region on line 4.
I've already created an S3 SDK variable for you on line 7, but line
9, where the configureS3Site function is called,
you will need to pass in the name of your S3 bucket.
Now let's implement the configureS3Site function by
first creating a params const object.
The first property is bucket,
which we'll give the value of our bucketName function argument.
The next property is WebsiteConfiguration which has the value of an object.
Here's where we'll tell it how we want the site to operate.
There are really only two options available, add the property
IndexDocument, and give it an object as the value.
This tells the site what file name to use as the index. In the object, add
the property Suffix, and give it the value of index.html.
You could put something else here if you wanted a file like
static.html to load as the index of your site.
Now index.html is actually the default, so we didn't technically have
to add this property, I just wanted to make it explicit how this was
working. As a peer to IndexDocument, you could add ErrorDocument and
provide an error.html file name, but I don't have one,
so we'll leave that out. Now we can call the SDK function to use
these prams. In the Promise, call S3.putBucketWebsite, passing in the
prams object as the first argument and a callback function with err
and data arguments as the second.
If there's an err object, call reject with it; otherwise,
call resolve, passing in the data argument. And that's it,
it's pretty simple to configure these things.
Switch over to your commandline and execute node configure‑S3‑website.js.
Once it's complete,
it unfortunately doesn't give us the domain name to hit to see the site,
so switch over to the AWS Console and go to the S3 dashboard.
Click into your hamster‑bucket, and go to the Properties tab.
One of the options will be Static website hosting,
so click that, and then you'll have a link at the top.
Now click on the link, and you'll be taken to our static site being
hosted with S3 static website hosting. In the next clip,
we're going to look at some limits and restrictions with CloudFront and S3 static website hosting.